---
title: I'm Moving!
layout: post
---

### What's Going On?
I've received a job offer from [Facebook](http://facebook.com), and I've decided that I'm going to take it. Facebook's office is in Menlo Park, California, which means I'm going to be moving to America.


### Why Did You Take The Job?
The problems that Facebook comes up against every day are totally unlike any problems any other tech company has. How do you scale a social network to over a billion users? How do you keep it reliable? How do you consistently attract new users once you have reached a critical mass? These are the sorts of problems I am going to get to work on.


Also, I'm at a point in my life where I have nothing to lose, and nobody depending on me financially. It's an incredible opportunity to go live and work overseas.


### When Are You Leaving?
My start date has been confirmed as **February 6th, 2017**. This means I get to be in Australia for a lot of important events over the summer, like Christmas, New Years, my Grandfather's birthday, my Father's birthday, my twenty-first birthday, my best friend's twenty-first birthday, Australia Day (and the Triple J Hottest 100), the Cricket season, the Sydney 7s Rugby tournament and (most exciting of all) Lee and Rob's baby coming round to say hi!


### How Long Will You Be Gone?
Dunno. The contract doesn't have a time frame, but I do want to come back eventually, so I promise I'm not going forever.


### Where Will You Live?
My good mate Steven is also going over to work at Facebook, and he starts about a week before I do, so we have decided to look for a place to live together, probably in or around Redwood City. Another mate, John, is going to be working at [Palantir](http://palantir.com), and the three of us are very excited to live together.


### Has Your Mother Threatened To Follow You Yet?
Yes.

### What About Your Dad?
We have decided to go to the Las Vegas Rugby 7s tournament together.


### How's Uni Going?
Glad you asked! It's going really well. It's sad that I'll be leaving after this semester because I have enjoyed it so much. I'm really loving my time at Uni at the moment because I'm doing a few really interesting courses.


If you have any other questions, please do get in touch!